every morning they line up for food
given out by the UN agency that looks
after Palestinian
refugees it's the only place these
desperate people can get anything to eat
but uncertainty haunts them now who
knows how long the handouts will
last we came to collect our daily flower
ration for a family of 10 and today
they're threatening to suspend own
Services the only thing we have left is
a bag of flour we're ceing what should
we eat
trees Israel has alleged that 12 unra
employees took part in the October 7th
attack on Southern Israel Ona says it
would investigate but Nations including
the United States Britain and Germany
immediately suspended their funding
their contributions were worth more than
$1 billion last
year I believe they're all accusations
against anra of involvement in the
October 7th incident are false these
accusations are part of the brutal
attack that's meant to drive our people
out of the Gaza Strip because so far
unra services are the only thing that's
supporting our resilience in our
territory un supports millions of
Palestinians daily it's a Lifeline
operating shelters Health Centers and
delivering much needed
Aid if the Palestinian people lose un's
assistance we're as good as dead as good
as dead we have nothing but unra we're
already living in the
streets malnourishment disease and a
lack of shelter many have called life
and Gaza Hell Without onra that hell
could be much much worse Demitri medeno
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer